Zhao Qishan
Don't do anything rash
One hour later at the pier warehouse
Take your wife and child home while you're at it
Zhao Qishan
I brought the person
Look closely
Safe and sound
You have to keep your word too
Mr. Tan, you've suffered
Go
Your wife and child
are in the car outside the warehouse's back door
You're awake
Mr. Zhao
You saved me again
You're too kind, Mr. Tan
Consider this an investment on my part
Mr. Zhao, what do you want?
I haven't decided yet
But with your strength, Mr. Tan
helping a brother do some small business
shouldn't be difficult
I remember you said
we are friends
Of course
Since we are friends
Mr. Tan, for your trip to Taicheng
I will provide full escort and protection
What do you think?
I couldn't ask for more
Mr. Zhao, what is this place?
Mr. Tan
I just bought a piece of land here recently
I plan to build a comprehensive
large-scale startup park here
Here there will be
countless star industries incubated
In the future
this place will gather all the talent in Taicheng
Mr. Tan
I said
I need to use your abilities to do some small business
I look forward to your joining
Let's develop this land together
It's a great honor
But I have a request
Please speak
Our group is a listed company
My father has requirements for
all the projects we participate in
We absolutely cannot do illegal business
Nor can we make the news because of business
And we cannot go to prison
Can you achieve this?
You're talking nonsense again
I really
Liar
You are a liar
Miss Asi
Can you take this crazy woman
upstairs?
I don't want to be alone
Auntie Ma Shan
I'll take you back to your room
How about this
I'll accompany Auntie Ma upstairs
Tonight
I will take care of Auntie Ma
Auntie, let's go
Okay, okay
Wait
Miss Li
We've finished telling our stories
What about yours?
Since we will be here
until the will is announced tomorrow afternoon
it's not too late to tell it tomorrow
Why keep everyone in suspense?
So everyone is looking forward to it this much
That really exceeds my expectations
I thought
this was just some after-dinner entertainment
That's why everyone was lying
What do you mean?
Just what it means literally
Since tonight is a story-fabricating session
then my story can also be true or false
But I don't want to make up a story right now
to waste everyone's time
Let's end it here for tonight
As for my story
since I promised
I will definitely tell it
Auntie, let's go
I'm tired of listening to stories. Bye-bye
Auntie Ma
You get some rest first
When you wake up tomorrow
we'll be able to leave here
Miss Li
Can you tell me your story?
Inspector Qi
Are you alright?
I'm fine
Ma Shan is asleep
She's asleep
Do you have a moment?
Walk around with me a bit more
Inspector Qi
I don't want to beat around the bush with you
I know you're definitely here to find the truth
You might as well speak plainly
I remember Asi said
Zhao Qishan didn't allow anyone into this study
Before this
when the police swept this room
apart from Zhao Qishan
they didn't find a second person's fingerprints
Did he clean it himself?
What are you trying to say?
My brother's inheritance
should have been entirely inherited by me
Lawyer Luo notified me
so I had to be here
If I get any money
I don't need that share
Ah Hai
Don't worry, I'll give it all to you
If I get a share of the money
I can also give it to Mr. Zhao Qihai
However
if my share is in Di Fu's will
and I transfer it to him
wouldn't that be disrespectful to the deceased?
Don't mention that witch
If I had killed her sooner
none of this would have happened
Zhao Qihai, can you stop slandering Di Fu?
Alright, alright
Here you go again
Can't we all sit down and have a nice chat?
There's nothing that can't be resolved
Sit down
My sister's case has already been closed as a suicide
But the police haven't announced the motive
I don't believe my sister would commit suicide
Inspector Qi
If you are willing
to share the clues you've found with me
I can also bring out the information I have
to exchange with you
There's no need for that
You are the family of the deceased
You have the right to know
Old Qi
I've decided to take charge of this case personally
Actually, the case isn't that complicated
The wife, Di Fu, had leukemia
The husband would rather die with her
He asked his wife to kill him
and then she committed suicide
Then according to what you're saying
what is this He Jiarong trying to hide?
Perhaps
It's great to be a superintendent in a big city
You have to think about the higher-ups
Zhao Qishan has worked in Taicheng for so many years
His roots run deep
From top to bottom
it's all intertwined
Actually, I have a question
Why do you hate Di Fu so much?
She was your sister-in-law
Ah Hai
I'm asking you why you hate Di Fu
She was always between me and my brother
driving a wedge between us
Do you believe your sister killed Zhao Qishan?
I've seen the autopsy report
Zhao Qishan took a large amount of drugs
which caused respiratory arrest and death
Then tell me, why did the killer
stab him so many times?